Day 1 -3/9/11 -a day
Krista and I went to apinya's homeroom. Oh and last week I waved to him in the library!! Plus today we did the locker thing i told sydnee i might do over facebook with Apinya. PS I absolutely love literature group and I'm now reading treasure island. I wish I could finish reading it, but Ms. Durr said no. Oh well.

Day 2 -3/10/11 -b day
I just hate some people so much! Gym totally sucked butt because of the kid who sat behind me. It rained all day. Bleh. I was actually starting to like school until today.

Day 3 -3/11/11 -a day
I didn't go to school today because mom said I could stay home. Sister Shields had her little baby boy, Landon, yesterday. Grandma and grandpa are coming this morning.

Day 4 -3/14/11 -b day
Mr. Sied asked me to turn my incentives project into a video. Jared, the eighth grader on my bus, asked for my number and then started texting me. But I don't like him. Only skippy. I had sooo much fun in science today. (For once) I made a sock puppet skit on bulling with TJ, Carley, and Savannah. And I had fun with grandma and grandpa over the weekend.

Day 5 -3/15/11
Happy Walter wasn't there today. Hes a jerk! Then Jon had health. :( the neighbors set up their basketball hoop and let us play on it. I'm ready to start for real! Umm yeah, I think she hates me. Oh there was a new kid in gym, David who looks a lot like Sam. Tera was soooo flirting with him. Another thing I hate is LIARS! We learned line dances at young women's and Anna erickson taught us. And on the way home we drove by his house! :D

Day 6 -3/16/11 -a day
Science, yay!
Got to do recycling with katlyn Lloyd in directed study.
Apinya left early so I was stuck in math all alone. Fell asleep after school, but only after I played basketball. I texted Apinya, cassidy, and Jared today. 

Day 7 -3/17/11 -b day
Health today, so yay! 
Louis wouldn't let me sit at the table. Meanie! I babysat Adriana, 14 buckaroos! Yeah. soooooo adorable. Nite :)

Day 8 -3/18/11 -a day!!!!! :D
I got offered a ticket from Ms. Durr to go outside. Then we went outside for sock puppet shows. Amazing! In the way to a3 i we were walking side by side. But I was too shy to talk. Core was kinda fun, read treasure island. Cassidy got me two cookies during lunch :). Me and Apinya talked all through math. I texted cassidy and finally told her who I liked. We went to old navy and Ross. Then red robin with the shields!! Done what evs. <3

Day 9 -3/21/11 -b day
Ate cereal in home ec. We took our benchmarks in civics. Had the pacer in gym and I got 18. I shoulda done more! Came home and texted cassidy all about a certain person. And he got 52+ on the pacer. I did NOT know he was so athletic! Cant wait for science tomorrow
I am ridiculous. Lol(:

Day 10 -3/22/11 -a day
Core was boring... during directed study I got to see Mrs. Dorrian!! :)  I'm planning on talking to him tomorrow. Texted cassidy about...duh! (Like all afternoon too). Gray gave me the want CD by 3oh!3. Then I danced like a maniac to it. Lol. I love to day dream. So as you can see nothing has changed. Wait one more thing army wives is the best show ever!

Day 11 -3/23/11 -b day
Kyan was here. I forgot my gym clothes. Joying missing for Spanish and home ec. It was a bore. Got picked up during lunch, we were outside. Never got to see him in gym cuz I left early. Going to wide oak ward tonight for young women camp stuff. Sooo need to talk to a certain someone. Had a bet with Krista for me not to say the word like today. (I won) & now Jenna knows.

Day 12 -3/24/11 -a day
Went to school. We had a sub in science. Cassisy rode the bus home with me but left early like a loser. Apinya wasn't in school today. Krista and I made a bet on not to say you I lost, but rematch on Monday.

Day 13 -3/25/11 -teacher workday :D (friday)

Woke up, watched army wives (like 10 episodes), lol. Redid my agenda & wrote notes and doodled. listened to the radio. Went to yankee candle with mom and megan, then to CRAVE for frozen yogurt. Delicious!

Day 14 -3/28/11

he’s avoiding me. and he kept glancing at me during lunch, a lot. awkward. in gym monica told me to kick walter and then i was like no! and then hes like i dare you too. then i said its ok i have six brothers, then he left me alone. muhaha. yay! she doesnt hate me :) I watched 12 episodes of army wives yesterday and it equals up to about eight hours worth of that show. haha. oh and i texted cassidy again about him ahahahahaha.

Day 15 -3/29/11

English benchmark, I got a 80% :/ SCOPE!!!! and then in math Apinya and I are not happy with each other, so that was very unpleasant. Got home and no one wanted to text me cuz they were busy so i watched army wives. Read some harry potter because im rereading the series and now off to young women with Suzanne, taylor, and mom.

Day 16  -sucky B day -3/30/11

lunch was crazy. Oh and i really dont wanna go to science tomorrow. Im watching american idol and i love scotty mccreery!

Day 17 -a day -3/31/11

OMG i did not want to go to school today. at all. Got home and watched army wives, and packed for north carolina. babysitting adriana, and then hmmmmm, idk. so glad tomorrows friday!!!!

Day 18 -b day too bad i skipped! muhah -4/1/11

daydreamed about you-know-who. its my favorite thing to do :) went to NC with mom and megan, but grandma, aunt amy, katelyn, and lauren are with us plus Aunt pat and uncle jerry. then out to pizza and i ate like five pieces! WOW! got home to aunt pats and texted cassisdy. thats it. NC rocks!!

Day 19 -sunday -4/3/11

I was in NC, but came home today. Had a lot of fun with Emma and Owen especially. Yesterday I went to see HOP and to Claire’s. Came home and played MAGIC, aubrey learned how to play today. Cleaned and organized my room after i read a bride for tom about to paint my nails, then read in bed.

Day 20 -(snow make up day) a day 4/4/11

not sure about anything anymore. and was smart and sweet., especially on the scope field trip. i got a 93% on my math benchmark (missed two questions). apinya is amazing! lol

Day 21 -a day -4/5/11

the science benchmark, i um failed. 67%. i missed ten questions. science = not my strong point. oh and i like him a real lot again. :) Ran,. skipped young womens and went to cicis with the family instead. dad might homeschool me next year!! :) reading harry potter <3

Day 22 -a day -4/7/11

first, sorry i forgot to write yesterday. were reading three cups of tea in english. its really kinda sad. FAIF in science, but i studied for my test in CORE because i did not want to party. -_- i think i failed it. started reading Iqbal after school, its super sad! :(

 Day 23 -b day (friday) -4/8/11

todays actually saturday, but i couldnt write yesterday... in gym i had a blast, but it was kinda embarrassing. lol i was with monica, Carley, Becky, The loser rachel lol, and Cassidy, and Jon. he hangs out with a lot of girls. he needs some guy friends, lol jk jk. ;) Had GS, but i never went because i fell asleep.

Day 24 -saturday -4/9/11

Woke up and watched my favorite show, army wives! cleaned all day...UGH! so afraid to see what i got on the third nine weeks test for science, since you know i failed the benchmark. TOP 3 still remains the same!

Day 25 -sunday -4/10/11

If its gonna rain, mine as well let it pour. If you cant say it dont eat it! triple muffin top man! lol insiders with sisters!

Day 26 -a day -4/11/11

Monica wasnt there today and i did worse on third nine weeks test then i did on the benchmark. im dumb, Worked on multicultural fair report. 1 1/2 pages down!! Watched army wives and siblings fought. the usual...

Day 27 -b day -4/12/11

Gym was CRAZY! i played four square with becky, monica, carley, and Rachel Cropp..AKA the loser Rachel :) New beginnings for maggie meppen and aubrey armstring(shields) “When in doubt go to the library,” i so love harry potter!

 Day 28 & Day 29 -a day then b day -april 13 & 14

wrote my five page report, babysat adriana, excited for spring break, continued multicultural fair project.

Day 30 -a day and friday -4/15/11

so glad it’s spring break! Yesterday there was a fight in school between Abbey and Katelyn, and i was like right there!!! people are so dumb. and i got a DC cupcake!! Goodness, he wont stop giving me that look and its creepy with his bug eyes. i just wanna go up and smack him across the face!  i wanna get a makeover. short hair! i dont have any friends. :P Why is everything so complicated!!!! goodness!!

Day 31 -saturday -4/16/11

Spring Break!! I finished the second harry potter, then started the third. Went to the Air and Space museum with the little boys and mom. Shields came over!! I finished my report. Mom and dad are being dumb and need to stop fighting.

Day 32 -Sunday -4/17/11

Spring Break continues! Was going to go to girl scouts, but then i had to go to church >:( texted my people. 

Day 33 -monday -4/18/11

Ran , and read HP 3. facebook and texted friends. besides that just a boring spring break day.

Day 34 -tuesday -4/19/11

got a haircut at the mall! Worked on my multicultural fair project for three hours and only got the title done! >:(

Day 35 -wednesday

finally finished my multicultural fair project!!!! ran. 

day 36 -thursday! 

Got to go to Apinyas to sleepover, krista came too. we mostly just talked and pranked texted jordan, becky, ron, and bethany, but then kristas phone died...;( SO MUCH FUN! i love those people!

Day 37 -friday -4/22/11

Spring break is coming to a close :( Woke up at Apinyas house with krista :) when i got home, i texted krista for ten hours straight! Shes coming to church with us next sunday. Started texting mike. hes so cute and clueless, lol. thats all. being forced to bed by mom -_-

Day 38 -saturday -4/23/11

We went to grandmas today for easter. i texted mikey, krista, becky, and jared. somethings wrong with Apinya, but idk what. im done for now :)

Day 39 -easter sunday -4/24/11

Got up to Easter!! I got HP7 part 1 the movie and sour patch kids jelly beans <3. At the car ride home from grandmas we stopped at Pierces BBQ and had a family picnic outside by a tree, which we all climbed :) Got home and texted people. Played magic and started a new harry potter. I definitely need to have aubrey come over so we can watch my harry potter movie together! my and kristas texting conversation: me”a day without texting you is like a life without ham” krista: :”yah, totally lifeless!” lol i love her 

Day 40 -monday -4/25/11

Last day if spring break! :( tear tear! Cleaned and texted my only friend krista and watched kim possible. :) Unfortunately had to got to bed early. school -____-

Day 41 -tuesday -b day -4/26/11

Back to school, but today wasnt too terrible. (got to see krista and apinya) oh and thank heavens he wasnt in gym. i think he finally likes me. but i dont like him anymore. texted krista and mikey afterschool. my two favorite people to text!

day 42 -a day -4/27/11

So i gave Mikey some of my jelly beans  he of course asked who they were from and wanted more! texted, the usual for me. And then went to see SOUL SURFER with Suzanne and mom, great movie!

Day 43 -b day -4/28/11

WORST DAY EVER! Started out in homeroom, when all i had to look for ward to was spanish. Oh and then had a sub in Home Ec. Civics was plain put boring. and then when we went to lunch Apinya was five minutes late.And then gym sucked nugget terds. Today was picture day too, ewwww.

Day 44 -friday -a day -4/29/11

quite an awkward beginning.. Directed Study was super fun with Krista, oh and in case youre wondering Eggplants are fruits!!!!!!!! Um math was interesting.. we had a sub, lol :]Got back and texted krista and Jared, then we had subway EAT FRESH for dinner. yummm!

Day 45 -saturday -4/30/11

I kinda have a habit of day dreaming, a lot! Didnt text all day, but I read HP3. had to clean out the shed, with suzanne -_-. Now going to Teras for a sleep over! 

Day 46 -sunday -5/1/11

Woke up at the Doves’ we just watched movies. Later on tonight, we built a fire pit in the front yard!! Then ate hobo dinners, my favorite!! Oh and Yesterday while  I was gone at Teras, we got a flat screen TV!

Day 47 -Monday -b day -5/2/11

Skipped school because we stayed up super late last night with the firepit. Went to walmart with Suzy because she had to get her eyes checked. (shes getting glasses!) and then i used my giftcard from winning the poster contest in february to get some shorts. I have no idea what to do. My mind is boggled. 

Day 48 -a day tuesday -5/3/11

Mom could now go into labor any day!!! eeep! At lunch i sat next to Monica. Started HP4<3 and went to young womens!

Day 49 -b day -wednesday -5/4/11

I have three B’s!!! :( Some jerks skipped gym, but it was all awkward because i had no one to talk to :(

Day 50 -a day -5/5/11

happy cinco de mayo! In scope today we had mock judging for MCF tomorrow. After school I made some nasty epic fail cookies for my display board, ended up throwing them all away! tExted my peeps. eww dress tomorrow for MCF. Gray is totally amazing and coming to pick me up from school tomorrow!! Jacob went home from American Idol, so Scotty is still on and super hot with his manly voice ;). Eww Becky’s nickname. oh and he talked to me today! :P

Day 51 -b day -friday! -5/6/11

Had multicultural fair today, mine was on the UK, so yeah!I got judged by Ms. Durr and and eighth grader, Eskeily. Only had Spanish and Home Ec and then Gray picked me up during lunch and took me to Red Robin, yummm! When I had my judging I related my poster to HP<3 Texted the usual causalities and bailed on Jennas birthday party. :P

Day 52 -Saturday -5/7/11

Babysat all day, kenadi and Kaia! Kenadi loves outdoors, so we were outside all day! i gave so many wagon rides, lol. New iPods are only $204.99! I need money from babysitting so...

Day 53 -sunday -5/8/11

I had a dream that I was standing right next to Becky and then he came up to me and gave me a “squeeze” hug! Today was mothers day and we went to church and the shields came over!

Day 54 -monday -a day -5/9/11

Lunch! I had to sit right next to him, but then they called tables and he moved away, harshly. I finally did my math project, lol. oh my goodness, eeeep! texting Krista.

Day 55 -tuesday -b day -5/10/11

in home ec we made cookies!We had a temple trip and i did baptisms for the dead.

Day 56 -wednesday - a day -5/11/11

I was told “to speak up woman”. cant help that im quiet person! Presented my project in math :(. Andrews back for the weekend! So i really hope mom goes into labor!  

Day 57 -b day -thursday 5/12/11

made a cool bracelet in home ec, its yellow! Gym was super fun! we did Zumba!! Texted Krista and Becky tomorrow might be the last day i see Krista for awhile. :(

Day 58 -a day -friday the 13!  -5/13/11

We finished the book three cups of tea. Science was TERRIBLE! i ran into this kid and we were like sorry at the same time and it was really awkward. We had moms work Baby Shower and Gray, Andrew, Derek, and Suzanne went to the beach :P Summer is gonna be miserable if I can barely make it through weekends! Grandmas here! Scotty McCreery is in the top three for american idol!

Day 59 -Saturday -5/14/11

Grandma left at 4:00, we went to Target and Famous Dave’s. I texted Krista, Becky, and Tera...interesting! I watched Diary of Anne Frank. Stupid Hitler. Take all the grains of sand in the world and times it by a million, and that wont even be close. Did my first tile puzzle and my time was 11:31.

Day 60 -sunday -5/15/11

The only bad thing about sundays is that monday comes next. Went to church and texted friends, then went to the Patels, and just got back.Well i love Bear! Kristas last day tomorrow until Thailand for ten days! :(

Day 61 -monday -b day -5/16/11

Today was kristas last day for awhile. WAHHH! Got picked up early in civics! And thanks heavens i did cuz i woulda exploded in gym.read a lot of Harry Potter, I would so marry Ron<3, jk jk :). I have my Readin SOL tomorrow, eeewww. I need to talk to Caitrin! and I think Becky will come over this weekend! 

Day 62 -tuesday -a day -5/17/11

This week will never end -_-! Had my reading SOL first block, then went to science and we got new seats -_-, but at least im not under the air vent anymore! Directed Study fun, i got to chill with Becky. Really, *sniff*, miss, *sniff*, my best friend!! WAHH! Never finished my HP, i seriously dont wanna go to school tomorrow, grrr! Megan’s retarded, always blaming me -_- and i seriously didnt do it. Im gonna be in gym all by myself tomorrow :(

Day 63 -wednesday -b day -5/18/11

Spent all of homeroom with becky. Then she stayed and played with me in gym because I dont have any friends. I really wanna tell her my secret and i dont think she likes him anymore! Read HP and texted Becky. I NEED TO TEXT KRISTA!! Went to YW camp clinic and ate tacos for dinner, yumm! Baby Big Head tomorrow so I’m skipping school! 

Day 64 -a day, but skipped 5/19/11

Gray took his three sisters to chipotle (on him) while we awaited the bays arrival. mom started to have contractions around 2:30 and we headed over around 3:00! They baby came at 22:33 weighed 7.3 and was 21 inches long AND i got to hold him first out of all of the kids! Im very happy to have a new little brother! and I finished HP4 while waiting for the baby to be born!

Day 65 -skipped, b day -5/20/11

Never even got to go back to the hospital though, because Evans in the NICU, fluid in his lungs and turned blue twice today so the earliest they’ll be home is sunday! I really wanna know who told her. Texted becky and might go over there tomorrow if Gray can drop me off. (later on the same day... I actually got to go see Mr. Big Head, Zee kidnapped me and took me!!)

Day 66 -Saturday -5/21/11

Did nothing all day all i did was text Becky and start a baby blanket. 

Day 67 -sunday -5/22/11

oh how i love this family. Went to pick up mom and number nine this morning. Got home, held the baby, ate lunch, read HP, and texted becky. The Patels came over to see the Lump and stayed so they can watch megans epic fail robot cracking an egg culminating project. Grays muscle looks like a boob! He can pick me up and he tried to flex his boob muscles, ewwwww! On page 155 out of 850, yipeeeeee HP5! Oh Logan Henderson is super cute, and him of course>>. Bahha evan is so small, hes a tiny lump of lumpness!

Day 68 -monday -a day -5/23/11

Started reading the outsiders in English, and Kristas gets home tomorrow! In a war with becky over Lucas Till and Logan Henderson.

Day 69 -tuesday -b day 5/24/11

Tomorrow Ryans bday and krista gets home tonight!Made a duct tape wallet in home ec, he wasnt there, ha ha ha! had fun with Jenna, Jon, and Tyler in gym. <3 We got three dinners from three different people, old mormon ladies are too nice!

Day 70 -a day -5/25/11

“When in doubt, whip it out” Tired of school and my family. Math Sol tomorrow and a B day, UGH! SCOTTY WON AMERICAN IDOL!! krista wasnt in school today :( probably jet lag. Happy bday Ry and Grandpa!

Day 71 -b day -thursday -5/26/11

Math SOL got a 560 :(, but still an advanced score! Krista finally got back and texted me! it’s been too long! Syd texted me too and ill see her summer 2012 if plans work out!

Day 72 -a day -friday -5/27/11

School was a bore, but at least i saw krista! I gave krista one of my tickets so she can get ice cream and come outside with me, apinya, rachel cropp, and cindy. Went with Group 4 for scope with cindy in core, which was gardening. Stayed after for NJHS and beckys mom brought me home.

Day 73 -saturday -5/28/11

Did nothing all day. Kanoe and Rose arrived, and we went to red robin! :)

Day 74 -sunday -5/29/11

Church then Kanoe and ROse came back from their hotel and chilled with us all day. Texted Mikey.

Day 74 (whoops!) -monday 5/30/11

HAppy memorial day! Kanoe and Rose came back over here, then me, mom, suzanne, and them went to target. After that, Mom, Rose, Suzanne, and boys went to the pool while Kanoe, dad, and I stayed here and played with Kanoes iPad 2. Kanoe took me out to Old Navy, then to Walmart and she bought me stuff :) she's like my third grandma. Got back, chilled for a little bit then we had a BBQ dinner. Then Kanoe left to go to some meeting in NY or something, but Rose’ll be back tomorrow.

Day 75 -tuesday -b day -5/31/11

In Home Ec i made a rose, pen, and three hair bows. During Lunch i was on Operation No Eye Contact lol. I was so freaked out. In gym he asked if that was duct tape and i nodded then ran away, im such a jerk. haha. Oh and my apple sauce exploded in my lunch box, serves me for not eating my fruits, lol(:. Texted Syd and Krista and Becky. Rose is still here, so i’m sleeping on the couch tonight!

Day 76 -wednesday -a day -6/1/11

Civics SOL was today :(. After school, megan and i went shopping so she can get stuff for Beach Week. Rose’s still here. AND im actually going to school tomorrow :P

Day 77 -thursday -b day -6/2/11

I’m so POed its not even funny!  Had a dumb NJHS orientation thing that i was super late to because of swim practice. Who really cares anymore,

Day 78 -7th grade fun day! -6/3/11 -friday

Finished the Outsiders in English. We had a squid dissection, and it smelt so bad! Becky was my partner for it. Locker clean out, then grandpa came and picked me up. It was a surprise because I had no idea he was even here! Well anyways, thank heavens he did pick me up because i had so much stuff from locker clean out!! Fell asleep, then texted buddies. Grandpa and Grandma and Aunt Tara and her kids AND Rose are here.

Day 79 -Saturday -June 4

Got up at 5:45 thanks to Rose and Megans Graduation. Aunt Tara left this morning. We had Megan’s graduation Party all day, then Aubrey stayed late so we watched HP7 part 1 and played MTG, then watched TV and I fell asleep after one, went to my bed and shortly after they left, I felt kinda bad for falling asleep on her, but I was super tired!

Day 80 -sunday -june 5, 2011

Megan was gone for Beach Week when I awoke. Texted my pals, showered, then texted some more. Suzanne came home from Camp Rainbow. Got a skype! then skyped becky.

Day 81 -monday - b day - 6/6/11

Last Full Day of School!!!! But i got picked up early :P You know when you have that awkward feeling that someones staring at you... Went to Noodles and Company <3.Texted, because I love texting. Get. At. Me.

Day 82 -tuesday -6/7/11

Went to the Beach with lil boys, mom, and rose. While i was at the beach these two guys came up to me (yes one of them had quite an attractive 6 pack) and are like you look lonely...wanna come play frisbee with us?? I was like ummm..no thanks. Then theyre like aww. Then I ran away kinda to go boogie board. I have a habit of running away from people.  Went to Grandpas after the beach, he fed us dinner and let us shower. 

Day 83 -wednesday -half b day

woke up at 3:30am thanks to sam!! Worked on my story I started yesterday. School was just Spanish and Home Ec. Rode bus 247 home and got off  with Tera. Went to YW we made ugly duct tape ties. My sunburn is soo bad from yesterday! Megans coming back from Beach Week tomorrow.

Day 84 -thursday -half day! -6/9/11

We had our awards assembly during core, I got Honor Roll for A/B and Straight A’s, Art award, and one outta ten for citizenship award. After that was yearbook signing, then home! Today was my last school day and last night sleeping on the couch!

Day 85 -friday -6/10/11

SUMMER!!!!!!!!!! But im gonna miss Apinya nd Krista since theyre both going away for summer vacation. Did nothing all day but text my buds and watch ten things i hate about you. Gray, Mom, and Dad got iPhones today.

Day 86 -saturday -6/11/11

Texted and then went to the Shields farewell party :’(, It was fun though. They had a moon bounce, and it was raining, so the moon bounce was all wet, then we were all wet, but I’m gonna miss them so much!

Day 87 - Sunday -6/12/11

I had to give a talk today, and i’m so not a public speaker. Held landon in church! Kyan was here all day and i did nothing but text really afterwards. I want to get together with Aubrey this week!

Day 88 -monday -6/13/11

Woke up too Early! I had the strangest dream.. I decided to  clean/reorganize my room today. i filled up one big trash can full of junk form my room that i no longer want. We had a CAMPFIRE!!!

Day 89 -tuesday -6/14/11

Krista was mad because I told her who max was, but were good now! Texted and skyped. I also babysat Ryan and Bryce for awhile. Mutual was fun, we had dutch oven dinner competitions, and the girls won, get at us. muhaha got Bessa’s, Maggie’s, and Anna’s numbers to text.

Day 90 -Wednesday -6/15/11

ONE MONTH UNTIL HARRY POTTER AND THE DEATHLY HALLOWS PART 2!!!!!!!!! Babysat Adriana and played in the sprinklers with the boys. Read HP5. Krista came over for a few hours and we went to Spotswood. i dont know if I ever said this, but Aubrey’s moving to Germany for three years in July! 

Day 91 -thursday -6/16/11

I did nothing, no one to text. I stayed in my PJ’s and watched TV all day. Cindy’s currently crushing me at words with friends and hanging with friends.

Day 92 -chill friday -6/17/11

Packed for camp and texted krista while she was at Potomac Mills. Read HP5 

Day 93 -Saturday -6/18/11

Hahaha! Worst of all I’m gonna miss texting Krista. Hung out in my room and read HArry potter alllllllll day, while texting krista of course. Had a campfire with the family. lol

DAy 94 -sunday -6/19/11

 Church today and the new family was there, sadly today’s the last day I get to see the Shields for awhile. Read Harry potter again. 

Day 95 -monday -6/20/11

Woke up and went to Grandmas, so I can go to camp tomorrow! 

Day 96 -tuesday -6/21/11

Left for camp today with Katelyn! It’s really fun, i’m out at Pocohantus State Park (TICKVILLE). i’m a first, but second year its really fun, lol.

Day 97 -wednesday -6/22/11

OMG there was a mouse in our cabin last night!! I barely slept last night, i woke up and we got into our levels. Kiki’s really getting on my nerves. No one knows me here, so im just like not doing anything and yeah. After breaking out into levels, we had crafts at the lounge, then for dinner sister missionaries joined us. Then we had a spiritual walk before preparing for bed. Hopefully no mice tonight lol.

Day 98 -thursday -6/23/11

Today was Mexico day at camp and we had tortillas with EVERY meal, and I HATE tortillas!  We mostly did certification today, and I hung out with Lauren Rowe because I actually knew her.  In the lodge before bed, the camp songs were so fun! On the way back Quinn ran behind a tree and then screamed (lol it was dark) and then Katelyn SMACKED her! And then Dashle ran over and beat up Katelyn for that. Everyone ran to their cabins and then Sister Bridges did devotional and we got some amazing pins. Then two amazing YCL’s turned off our lights and sprayed glow sticks everywhere! So it looks really cool with the lights off, but it was scary at first because we were like whos in our cabin?? but did you know glow sticks have glass in them?

Day 99 -friday -6/24/11

Tonights the last night in our cabin :/. Woke up early and got ready for the hike. Went to the lodge for breakfast, then hike, then swimming pool (our destination). Ran to the showers afterwards and I was first to get in! Then back up to the lodge. We did Krazy Kangaroo kourt, then our skits. Ours was the potty dance one, then testamonies. Everyone was crying. We ate dinner somewhere in that mix too, watched fourth year pics from their hike and sadly Cape Henry Ward had to leave tonight. :(

Day 100 -saturday -6/25/11

WOOO! 100 days!! Went to the lodge for breakfast, then said goodbye to Camp Milabe! Went back to Aunt Amys house. Fell asleep on the car ride home, once we got there, i woke up to shower, but then fell back asleep, then woke up for dinner, then fell back asleep. 

Day 101 -Sunday -6/26/11

Grandpa drove me home this morning and then went to church with us where Gray got the melockizidic priesthood. Got home did some laundry and watched Mrs. Doubtfire. Then packed again for camp and drove over to the Wolfs’ and gonna text krista tomorrow! 

Day 102 -Monday -6/27/11

Did kinda nothing but laid low, going to camp tomorrow. Texted krista and went to the mall.

Day 103 -tuesday -6/28/11

Got up earlyish to go to target for camp stuff, then went to camp! As soon as I got there i wanted to leave and still do. I cant wait until thursday when mom gets here to take me home. The schedules are super packed and busy and I hate it.

Day 104 -wednesday -6/29/11

Woke up at camp. It rained all night last night! I really hate this camp. Im so ready to go home. I only have until tomorrow night!! 

Day 105 -thursday -6/30/11

Woke up at 5:30 and then couldnt fall back asleep. Today was hike day, we did three miles, but it wasnt that bad. After hike, then we went to the beach and mom came. THANK GOODNESS! Then personal time, dinner, testimonies, etc.Then left for home!! We got here around 12:30 and then I showered and bed.

Day 106 -friday -7/1/11

Was awoke at noon thirty to go to Wendy’s for frosties for girls camp tradition. Im going to get Gray’s iPod Touch; he’s giving it to me because he has an iPhone!! Got back and serviced the laundry room, then cleaned kitchen. Aman and Aleena were here for megans nanny prep. Gonna give Aleena my baby doll stroller. They’ll be back on the fourth. The shields made it to oregon yesterday!

Day 107 -Saturday -7/2/11

Gray and Derek pulled an all nighter. I mostly cleaned until both grandmas got here for the baby blessing tomorrow. Jacob, Daniel, and Jonah came with Darling Grandma. Me, Grandma, Suzanne, and Mom went to JCPennys and got church clothes  Gray gave me his iTouch today! Made a bracelet and played around with MY iTouch, then texted my best friend :).

Day 108 -Sunday -7/3/11

All family came to the baby blessing today, even Austins girlfriend, Becca. Landon got his baby blessing today too, just in Oregon. Left church early and thats about it. Gray and Dad are being butts!! They wouldnt even cut my steak!

Day 109 -Monday -7/4/11

HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY! Kinda did nothing until people got here for the BBQ party, then we attempted fireworks in the rain, but it failed. ended the night texting.

Day 110 -tuesday -7/5/11

Got up super early because I thought cousins were leaving, but they didnt leave until later. Had a Camp Rock marathon (ahhh memories<3) and texted a smidge bit. Ate some Ramen. Amanda was here and Megan, Suzanne, and I played Rummy with her. Dad is getting on my nerves. BACK OFF!

Day 111 -wednesday -7/6/11

My life is ruined, we might not be able to go see HP7 Part 2 at midnight :( Texted and babysat Kyan while everyone was at a swim meet. Then had to help Suzanne clean the kitchen and got into a “fight” and now we have it for a week. :P

Day 112 -thursday -7/7/11

Krista got in a text fight with me last night, not cool -_-. Made pancakes for breakfast, showered, watched H20: Just add Water, went to five below, came back and continued watching, cleaned kitchen, ate dinner, cleaned kitchen, H20, packed, and did Khan Academy. I did well and learned a lot too!

Day 113 -friday -7/8/11

Got in a major fight today, because people were being dumb. I blame it on dad though, for waking me up before I wanted to get up. Drove to grandmas, without megan, mom and suzanne are super happy, but im NOT. texted Sydnee.

Day 114 -saturday -7/9/11

Thought today was gonna be good.. I woke up with far to little sleep. Watched H20 until we went to the beach<3, it was TERRIBLE though, super crowded, paranoid parents, itchy and cold water too. Watched H20 and we took family pictures. 

Day 115 -sunday -7/10/11

Woke up early and came home, then I read and hung out in my room. Gray and I got midnight tickets for thursday night at muvico!!

day 116 -monday -7/11/11

We went to 7-11 for free slurpees, because the dates 7-11, and then went to four, lol. Went to the pool, too. Ida and Sister Wolf and Sister Caldwell and Patels were there, but then everyone came back to our house because it started storming. And megan was cleaning the attic, so there was junk EVERYWHERE! lol had the strangest dream with cleo and the twins, I guess i’ve been watching too much H20, lol.

Day 117 -tuesday -7/12/11

CANNOT wait for HP!!! Stayed in bed all day and watched H20, its an amazing show :). Went to young women with sisters. Ida spent the night here and we watched Beastly.